{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green40\blue50;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20392\c20784\c25490;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 - what types of games are we thinking about to be played\
- are we adding functionality to existing games \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Develop tools to build User Interfaces with icons and effects suited for games, and layout of buttons during the active play. Look at avatars to replace the camera feed.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - What are the deliverables? What do you mean by tools? Plugins that we use to extend the code base?\
- What kinds of icons and effects? Are we adding icons and effects to an existing interface or making it from scratch - same for buttons\
- Do we design avatars? Do we link it into motion sensors? Media pipe\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Develop a model that would work for two players. Develop it to work with multimodal access, such as face, dwell, hotspots and any other appropriate methods.\
- Are we making a menu page?\
- Or do we generate multiple game environments?\
- A bit more information on the multimodal access ( do we allow them to have multimodal access)\
\
Develop a gallery for users to be able to choose from a variety of assets.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 Develop tools to build User Interfaces with icons and effects suited for games, and layout of buttons during the active play. Look at avatars to replace the camera feed. Develop a model that would work for two players. Develop it to work with multimodal access, such as face, dwell, hotspots and any other appropriate methods. Develop a gallery for users to be able to choose from a variety of assets. Solution has to be natively compiled and not use the cloud.\
 \
\
Motioninput settings page - MFC - visual C++ & microsoft software\
SpecialEffect - look after kids w different conditions, wanna play Minecraft\

\f2\b    \
Open cv\
-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97=-=\'97
\f1\b0 \
      }